
### 2.2 Individual participants

##### SS, Belgrade, Serbia

SS is a master student at Faculty of mathematics, University of Belgrade. His main subjects are based on computer science.
He is very experienced in the field of mathematics as he was competing in primary and high school. He also passed a lot of mathematical subjects during his time at Faculty of Mathematics. For this project it is very important that every member has a good mathematical base. This is the reason his mathematical knowledge is important. His main tasks won't be connected to mathematics as we have other member whose primary field of knowledge is mathematics (AB).
Primary field of knowledge of this member is computer science, specialized in mobile applications and low level programming of embedded systems. His main tasks will be connected to android / IOS applications that have connection with SRHC. He will also be in charge of programming the robot. His main area is low level embedded systems programming, but he will also use the help of our other member ND for different geometric algorithms. ND is specialized in that area.

His responsibilities will be:
  - developing android applications connected to SRHC
  - developing IOS applications connected to SRHC
  - supervising android applications development
  - supervising IOS applications development
  - developing software for our robot
  - supervising software development for robot
  - all responsibilities as a S&T manager mentioned in 2.1 part Management structure and procedures

SS experience in areas related to technologies we plan to use:
  - different android applications
  - different IOS applications
  - development of robotic hand that can find and press a button
  - development of robot that can carry a glass from one point to another

#### ND, Belgrade, Serbia

ND is a graduate student at Faculty of Mathematics, University of Belgrade, on his way to the Master's degree.
He is interested and experienced with algorithms, data structures, and game development, of which the first two will be important for developing the key components,
and the last one to combine them into a functioning whole.

His responsibilities will be:
  - developing optimal and efficient routing and mapping algorithms for SRHC
  - developing visualizations of the work done by SRHC
  - developing decision making components based on sensor input
  - responsible for code review and management
  - all responsibilities as a Team manager mentioned in 2.1 part Management structure and procedures

ND experience in areas related to technologies we plan to use:
  - android applications
  - Unity Engine visualizations
  - computer vision with SimpleCV

#### AB, Belgrade, Serbia

AB is a student at Faculty of Mathematics, University of Belgrade, currently attending Master degree studies.
She is interested in mathematical optimization, which will help make SRHC faster and better, as well as in software testing, which will be important for making sure everything runs smoothly and the final product satisfies customers' needs. Her strong mathematical skills will be of great asset in the work she will be doing.

Her responsibilities will be:
  - optimizing AI algorithms for SRHC
  - testing prototypes and the final product
  - improving the quality of SRHC's structural elements

AB experience in areas related to technologies we plan to use:
  - mathematical optimization
  - white and black box testing
  - aritifical intelligence algorithms and parameter tuning
