### 2.4	Resources to be committed

A lot of different resources will be needed for completing SRHC project. It is very large and complex project, and beside a lot of time we have to spend we also need resources. This project needs different kind of resources.

Project manager has spoken to some companies and made some agreements.

Enevo - Finland company found 2010. Their primary filed of production are intelligent sensors. We made an agreement with them. Enevo will make all relevant sensors for SRHC project. Smart robot house cleaner needs sensors for detecting movement (cats for example), detecting static objects etc. All kind of sensors will be provided by Enevo.

Very important components of the SRHC will be microchips. ND made an excellent agreement with company that makes different kinds of microchips our robot needs to be functional. Company country is Belgium, and company name is NewFusion.

Our robot also need processor for calculations and computing. Project manager made an agreement with Intel company. They are willing to make some specific processors SRHC will need. It's not standard processor. Some of the operations have to be much faster to the detriment of some others.

Hardware parts and elements are probably crucial. We need to make functional parts made of steel as we noted before. There will be a lot of different parts, wheels, levers etc.

Expert in integration of microchips and intelligent sensors with hardware parts of the SRHC is very important.

Our costs will cover:
  - intelligent sensors made by Enevo
  - NewFusion's microchips
  - specific Intel processors (we probably will need more than one processors, because of prototypes
                               and some for testing purposes)
  - expert in earlier mentioned integration
  - hardware parts prices

Project is based on geometric and AI algorithms so we need very good hardware support. We need powerful computers with good CPUs. Our costs will also cover prices for those computers.
